Hi there, I'm @memoryofmya 

Do you want to know the secret ingredients in the recipe of who I am? The answer is in my story, Becoming Da’Mya: Art of Style. I am Becoming Da’Mya and love is the art of my style. The secret in my sauce or recipe for success is grit, doing what I love and never giving up. After all, love is the art & soul, or the secret, to cooking. 

Becoming isn’t about arriving at a certain place or achieving specific aims. It’s all about striving to better yourself. During my journey, I fell in love with stepping into the unknown and learning more about who I am at my core by identifying what I value, how I align with what I value, what I am here to bring and transform in the world. Sharing my story, Becoming Da’Mya: Art of Style, is my way of connecting with the world around me and evolving. Leon Trotsky once said, “Art is not a mirror held up to society, but a hammer with which to shape it”. As a kid, my hobbies stemmed from my innate desire to solve problems through creative expression. Naturally, my hobbies influenced my interest in the disciplines of art & science. Being an artist or a scientist is about how you see life and how you maneuver it — do you see it in a straight line; orderly and rationally, or a curvy line; abstractly and laissez-faire? As technology continues to quickly advance and affect every aspect of our daily lives, reading between the lines, there’s a big discrepancy between what can be accomplished with fast vs. slow algorithms. The industry is in need of new algorithms for the problems of tomorrow. Analyzing and designing them require creative and innovative thinking with mathematical precision. It is both an art and a science. In pursuit of my passions, I have developed the powerful ability to recognize the parallels of art and technology and identify opportunities for continued growth between communities in both industries. 
